[DICOM Archive - good] updated module help text (#5688)
aces/Loris: modules/dicom_archive/help/dicom_archive.md

# Dicom Archive

> This module displays all scans that have been uploaded to LORIS. This includes scans that have been inserted, as well as those that haven’t (due to protocol violations, mislabeling, not having been run, etc.) In other words, it's an archive of every single DICOM that your LORIS instance knows about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module displays all scans that have been uploaded to LORIS. This includes scans that have been inserted, as well as those that were rejected (due to protocol violations, mislabeling, not having been run, etc.) In other words, it's an archive of every single DICOM that your LORIS instance knows about.
```

I'm not sure if 'rejected' is the right word here but I think it's a bit more clear

Reviewer 2: done. kindly re-review @johnsaigle

Use the *Selection Filter* section to narrow down the results in the table. Note: PatientName and PatientID are only displayed if they've been properly anonymized.

In the resulting table, you might notice some clickable cells. In the *Metadata* column, click **View Details** to see the compressed package of DICOM files for that scan, along with their metadata. In the *MRI Browser* column, click on **View Images** to visualize and QC these scans in the Imaging Browser module.

> In the **Archive Location** column, click any link to download the DICOMs from all scans in this session.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the **Archive Location** column, click a link to download the DICOMs from all scans in that session.
```

I find the current wording a little awkward and hard to parse
